I, Tianchen, what do you mean?
I killed you, could it be you?
I, Tianchen, you have no ability, how dare you accuse my husband?
Just let people do it, Tianchen,
If I want a husband, he can have no rights and be fine.
But you can’t be extremely strong-willed and lie too thinly.
Tianchen, you disappoint me so much.
Norn, this is what I call the selection guide of the machine-killing stick.
When using Mubai Ares Assistant, how do you know how to sign on the spot?
Is that the war ashes of Mubai War God, the lord of the Flower Kingdom?
Not raising is just a trade name replacement, I don’t have any anger.
Zhan Tianchen, this loser, definitely doesn’t know the real secret of the real machine-killer Yin Mugui.
Who are you listening to?
You? You are wrong
Zhan Tianchen, you really don’t know whether to live or die.
I'll hire an assistant right now
Mr. Read and get up in person
When the time comes, beg me not to pee in fear
Let your father wipe your ass
I'm in Yinmugui
I have almost reached this point, and my mind and body have no doubts about it.
Zhan Tianchen, go to hell
Sister Zhang, you envy me for marrying more crazy than you
If you ask your fiancé, you will be very impressed by my husband’s strength.
You two still need to eat together
Our long house
Absolutely not allowed
A loser who pretends to be strong will do whatever you want.
My heavenly minister makes his own way
One, one, one, two, no wonder
Mature, real, fake
After shoulder positioning
Death has analysis
Tianchen, you have enough
do you know
What are you going to face?
Know what is my god’s assistant
Do you know who my god’s master is?
It is that person who becomes deified but does not
aloof
He was definitely forced to become a god by Jiang
Deified because of me
Leaving his subordinates bloodied for thousands of miles
It is the wrong card of the God of War of Minzheng Huaguo
Let’s watch first when Cai and Wan Zhangquan fight each other
The only ignorant person
All in harmony with humanity
Which household's life and death thing is it?
Dare to rule a general
The God of War by mistake in the capital of the eyes
Is it from Beijing God King Zhao?